c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\KinectAnalytics.exe.config
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\KinectAnalytics.exe
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\KinectAnalytics.pdb
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\Kinect.ReactiveV2.dll
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\Kinect.ReactiveV2.Input.dll
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.dll
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.xml
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\obj\Debug\KinectAnalytics.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\obj\Debug\KinectAnalytics.exe
c:\users\kbolander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\obj\Debug\KinectAnalytics.pdb
C:\Users\kbolander\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\kbolander\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\kbolander\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\kbolander\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\log4net.Ext.Json.dll
C:\Users\kbolander\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\kbolander\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectAnalytics\KinectAnalytics\bin\Debug\log4net.Ext.Json.xml
